c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\speedsearch.exe.config
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\speedsearch.exe
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\speedsearch.pdb
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.g.resources
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.exe
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.pdb
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\speedsearch.exe.manifest
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\bin\Debug\speedsearch.application
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.exe.manifest
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\speedsearch\speedsearch\obj\Debug\speedsearch.application
